Add base URL for Astra DB (#269)
stargate/docs: docs-src/stargate-develop/modules/develop/partials/astra_tip.adoc

====

> If you are looking to just get started, https://astra.datastax.com[DataStax Astra Database-as-a-Service]
> can get you started with no install steps.
> 
> The base URL will be `https://${ASTRA_DB_ID}-${ASTRA_DB_REGION}.apps.astra.datastax.com/api/rest/v2`.
> Checkout the https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/faqs.html#where-do-i-find-the-organization-id-database-id-or-region-id[FAQ]
> to find the cluster details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking to just get started, you can try https://astra.datastax.com[DataStax Astra DB] and skip the installation steps.

The base URL will be `https://**DATABASE_ID**-**REGION**.apps.astra.datastax.com/api/rest/v2`.
See the https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/faqs.html#where-do-i-find-the-organization-id-database-id-or-region-id[FAQ] to learn where to find your `*DATABASE_ID*` and `*REGION*`.
```
